Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
In this lecture, we are going to look at how you back up your database as well as your site files on
an unmanaged server.
There are no new configuration files for us to look into.
We'll start with backing up your database.
The command is my escarole dump.
What my Eskild dump does is it takes all the information contained in a specific database and dumps
it into a file.
That is, it creates a file and contained inside that file is your database.
It's important when you start working with backups that you double, even triple check WP config for
the database information.
Make a note of the site database names.
It is so easy when you have three or four sites on a server to get mixed up and you end up importing
the wrong database.
I also recommend you create a directory in your home directory to store your backups.
We are also going to create the best script to speed up the entire process.
There are two commands that we need to look at.
Sudo my escarole -- high for new database user.
The database user is root database name.
That is the name of the database you want to back up greater than sign the name of the file you want
to give the database done.
Databases can get quite large, so it's convenient to compress the file sudo MySQL dump for new database
user which is route database name Peiping symbol.
That means the output of my Eskild will become the input of cheese.
Four nine five four nine is the level of compression, the output of which will be your back up filename
dot Eliscu.
L thought, gee, let's look at these two commands I've changed to my site's directory listing will
display all of the WordPress files file that concerns me is WP.
I've been configured to open WP config using Nannar.
You can scroll down until you find a database name.
That is the name of the database that interests us.
I'm going to use copy and copy the database name.
I know the name of a database of my site WP Seelie dot com.
Please make a note of it.
Write it down some way.
I'm going to log in to my escarole and talk to command show databases I have to database's, apart from
the default database's, by using the show database's command, I don't know which database relates
to which side.
That is why I recommend you change to that site's directory.
Open WP config.
Check the name of the database.
The command is Suda.
My Esquibel done I've given you the user.
Is the database name greater than sign.
The output will be WPEC Allai DB rescuable.
And there is our a school done file of the WPEC Allai database.
I must mention to you do not open the database done file and make changes.
I can open it but do not make changes.
Sudo my eskild ifn you the user is route followed by the database name leave a space Peiping symbol.
We want to redirect the output of my ESKIL dump to become the input of Jesus Jesus pirfenidone greater
than sign the name of our file.
WPEC allai db dot dot GZ.
If you look at the two dump files, the first one is around 640000 bytes.
If we look at the second file where we compressed the dump file, it's only one hundred fifty seven
thousand bytes.
I'm going to delete the Ezekial file to answer pages of file.
We use the command G Anzu please add the flag hyphen K I think will keep the original Jesus file.
I'll show you shortly what happens if you don't use.
I think Jesus Python K followed by the name of the Jesus file will extract the escarole file from the
Jesus file.
It's remove our Eliscu Alpha G unsupported by the name of the file.
The Jesus file has been deleted.
All you are left with is the is Coulthart.
Every time you want to perform a backup of your databases, it's time consuming to have to come and
type the MySQL dump command.
The other problem is one will end up forgetting to do it.
Backing up your databases is extremely important.
It's create two directories in our home directory.
The first one DB underscore backup's the second I'm going to call scripts.
There are two directories.
We've created database backups, which I will use to store my daily database backups, scripts.
We I'm going to create the scripts to perform the relevant backups while we are here mkdir.
Let's make another directory and this one we can call file backups.
There are three directories.
You can change two scripts.